Beda people£The Beda people are a community found in Jammu and Kashmir.
Ezhava Siva£Ezhava is a caste in Kerala. Shiva is a Hindu god. Ezhava Siva refers to Siva idol consecrated by social reformer Sree Narayana Guru at Aruvippuram, in 1888. This was major break from tradition as installation of idols by non Brahmins was considered blasphemy and Sree Narayana Guru belonged to the lower caste Ezhava community.
Liga Atlética Interuniversitaria de Puerto Rico£The Liga Atlética Interuniversitaria de Puerto Rico, often abbreviated LAI, (English: "Puerto Rico Inter-university Athletics League", LAI) is a college athletics conference in Puerto Rico. The LAI is a non-profit organization whose main purpose is to regulate sports amongst its member institutions.
Mercedes-Benz M119 engine£The Mercedes-Benz M119 was a V8 automobile engine produced from 1989 through 1999. It was available in 4.2 L; 5.0 L; and 6.0 L displacements. It was a double overhead cam design with 4 valves per cylinder and variable valve timing on the intake side.
Renault Midlum£The Renault Midlum, of Renault Trucks Distribution range, (7.5–18 tonnes) was a vehicle specially dedicated to urban distribution and local services. It was launched in 2000, and by 2010, the 100,000 unit was manufactured.The range was revised in 2006, fitted with new 5- and 7-litre engines. The Midlum was replaced by the Renault Trucks D.
All Tripura Tiger Force£The All Tripura Tiger Force (ATTF) is an isolationist group from the Tripura region of India. It was founded on July 11, 1990, by a group of former Tripura National Volunteer members under the leadership of Ranjit Debbarma. The ATTF is currently considered a terrorist organization by India. The rebellion, in which it is involved is the Tripura Rebellion. According to the South Asian Terrorism Portal, approximately 90% of the ATTF's administration are Hindu and the rest are Christian.
Attur division£Attur division is a revenue division in the Salem district of Tamil Nadu, India.
Hasan II (Bavandid ruler)£Hasan II (Persian: حسن), also known as Fakhr al-Dawla Hasan (Persian: فخر الدوله حسن), was the last ruler of the Bavand dynasty from 1334 to 1349. He was the brother, and successor of Sharaf al-Muluk.
Mareth Line£The Mareth Line was a system of fortifications built by the French between the towns of Medenine and Gabès in southern Tunisia, prior to World War II. It was designed to defend against attacks from the Italians in Libya, but following the Fall of France and Operation Torch it fell into Axis hands and was used by the Italians and Germans to defend against the British instead.
National Education Day (India)£National Education Day is an annual observance in India to commemorate the birth anniversary of Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, the first education minister of independent India, who served from 15 August 1947 until 2 February 1958. National Education Day of India is celebrated on 11 November. </ref>
Rang Mahal (Red Fort)£The Rang Mahal or Palace of Colour is located in the Red Fort, Delhi.It originally served as a part of the imperial harem and was known as the Palace of Distinction (Imtiyaz Mahal) during the rule of Shah Jahan. After the British occupied the fort in 1857, Rang Mahal was used as a mess hall for a brief time.The building's interior was once richly painted and decorated.
Hailu Tekle Haymanot£Hailu Tekle Haymanot, KBE (1868–1950), also named Hailu II of Gojjam, was an army commander and a member of the nobility of the Ethiopian Empire. He represented a provincial ruling elite who were often at odds with the Ethiopian central government. Hailu Tekle Haymanot was an independent-minded potentate who, throughout his life, was mistrustful and mistrusted by the Emperor.
Mazda G4A-EL transmission£The G4A-EL was a 4-speed automatic transmission from Mazda. It was Mazda's first four-speed transmission on its introduction in 1987.The original 1987 G4A-EL included three shift solenoids, a lockup solenoid, a vane-type pump, and a throttle cable. It was redesigned for 1988 and used in the Ford Probe the next year under the 4EAT-G name by Ford.Applications: 1987–1992 Mazda 626 1989–1992 Mazda MX-6 1989–1992 Ford Probe 1990–1991 Mazda 323 AWD
TeST TST-10 Atlas£The TeST TST-10 Atlas is a single-seat, standard class sailplane, with a 15 m (49 ft 3 in) wingspan, manufactured by TeST Gliders in The Czech Republic. It is available both as a pure glider (TST-10) and self-launching glider (TST-10M).
MCIT Library Consortium£In India, a number of library consortia operate to share e-resources among member libraries to serve their users. The Ministry of Communications and Information Technology oversees the MCIT Library Consortium to subscribe to and share e-resources at highly discounted rates, and to extend to its services to various organisations and institutions under its umbrella.
Padmapuram Gardens£Padmapuram Gardens is a tourist attraction in the Araku valley in Andhra Pradesh, India. The gardens have a good collection of appealing plants and flowers.
2013 Kolkata market fire£The 2013 Kolkata market fire was a fire accident that occurred in five-storeyed market place in Kolkata on 27 February 2013, the capital city of West Bengal, India. An estimated 19 people, who were mostly labourers working in the market were killed in the accident. Initial reports indicate the fire might have been initiated by short circuit in the first floor of the market. The fire accident in the second major one in Kolkata after the 2011 AMRI hospital fire accident that killed 90 people.
Scorpene deal scam£The Scorpene deal scam was an Indian bribery scandal, in which Rs. 500 crores (about USD 10 mn) were alleged to have been paid to government decision makers by Thales, the makers of the Scorpene submarine. Defence minister Pranab Mukherjee had approved the submarine deal worth Rs 19,000 crore with Thales in October 2005. The investigating agency, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), found no evidence of corruption in the deal in 2008.
Cal Poly Mustangs men's basketball£The Cal Poly Mustangs men's basketball team represents California Polytechnic State University, located in San Luis Obispo, California. The school's team currently competes in the Big West Conference. The team began playing at the Division 1 level in 1994. The Mustangs are coached by Joe Callero and play their home games at Mott Athletic Center.
Sunehri Masjid (Chandni Chowk)£The Sunehri Masjid (سنهرى مسجد, lit. Golden Mosque) is a mosque in Old Delhi.It is located near the Gurudwara Sis Ganj Sahib in Chandni Chowk, once an imperial boulevard leading to the Red Fort.
The Worli Riots£The Worli Riots refers to the violence that broke between the members of Dalit Panther and Shiv Sena. This resulted in the death of a Dalit Panther leader Bhagwat Jadhav when a grinding stone was thrown at a Morcha by Dalit Panthers on January 1974 in Mumbai.
Maniyawan£Maniyawan is a place in the Jehanabad district in Bihar state of India. It is situated at a distance of approximately 7 kilometers from Jehanabad.Notable people from Maniyawan include Arun Kumar.
Sindarli£Sindarli is a village in the Pali district in the Indias state of Rajasthan.Location - It is about 10 km from the town of Sadri, 16 km from Nadol, 23 km from the tehsil office in Desuri and 70 km from the district capital.
Hayat Bakhsh Bagh (Red Fort)£The Hayat Baksh Bagh, which means "Life-bestowing garden", is the largest of the gardens in the Red Fort in Delhi.
Unal, India£Unal a village in Boudha district, Odisha, a state in India.
Public Cause Research Foundation£Public Cause Research Foundation (PCRF) was a Delhi, India-based non-governmental organisation (NGO) that campaigned for just, transparent, accountable and participatory governance.
Chipyana Buzurg£Chipyana Buzurg is a village in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.It is located in the Bisrakh tehsil of Gautam Buddh Nagar district, which forms part of the Meerut division.The District headquarters at Noida is 28 kilometres (17 mi) to the north.
Kakopathar Massacre£Kakopathar Killings or the Kakopathar Massacre took place in Assam during 2006 when the Indian army opened fire at peaceful protesters at Kakopathar in Assam, killing at least 10 people.They were protesting against the custodial-death of a villager who was arrested by the army.
Nrusimha Bharati VII£Sri Nrusimha Bharati VII was the 29th pontiff of the Sringeri Sarada Peetam for a short tenure of 3 years(1767–1770). He spent most of his time in Nasik, since Sringeri was affected by war disturbances at that time.His attained Maha samadhi in 1770 and his adhistanam is located in Panchavati area of Nasik. He appointed Sri Sacchidananda Bharati - III as the 30th pontiff of the peetam.
Locost£A Locost is a home-built clone of the Lotus Seven. The car features a space frame chassis usually welded together from mild steel 1 in × 1 in (25 mm × 25 mm) square tubing. Front suspension is usually double wishbone with coil spring struts. The rear is traditionally live axle, but has many variants including independent rear suspension or De Dion tube. Body panels are usually fiberglass nose and wings and aluminium side panels.
Romulus and Remus£Romulus /ˈrɒmjələs/ and Remus /ˈriːməs/ are the twin brothers and central characters of Rome's foundation myth. Their mother is Rhea Silvia, daughter to Numitor, king of Alba Longa. Before their conception, Numitor's brother Amulius seizes power, kills Numitor's male heirs and forces Rhea Silvia to become a Vestal Virgin, sworn to chastity. Rhea Silvia conceives the twins by the god Mars, or by the demi-god Hercules; once the twins are born, Amulius has them abandoned to die in the river Tiber.
Tiananmen Square protests of 1989£The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989, commonly known as the June Fourth Incident (六四事件) or more accurately '89 Democracy Movement (八九民运) in Chinese, were student-led popular demonstrations in Beijing which took place in the spring of 1989 and received broad support from city residents, exposing deep splits within China's political leadership. The protests were forcibly suppressed by hardline leaders who ordered the military to enforce martial law in the country's capital.
Punkawallah£In India and Pakistan, a punkhawallah or punkha wala (Hindustani: पङ्खा वाला, pangkhā vālā) is a manual fan operator. A punkah is a type of ceiling fan used in the Indian subcontinent before the electric fan. The punkhawallah was the servant who worked it, often using a pulley system.
Taranga (clothing)£Taranga is the typical headscarf worn by Kashmiri Pandit women in the earlier days and even up to almost late 1960s.Now, its only place is as a ritual and by tradition to be worn in the classical way on the bride's head as a bridal gear on her wedding day. This headwear has a very significant and historical importance and relevance, as it was an appreciation reward from his HOLIness Jagatguru ADI Sankaracharya during his stay in Kashmir.
Allegheny Mountain Collegiate Conference£The Allegheny Mountain Collegiate Conference (AMCC) is an intercollegiate athletic conference affiliated with the NCAA's Division III. Member institutions are located in the northeastern United States in the States of New York, Ohio, and Pennsylvania.
Ashram Chowk£Ashram Chowk is a crossways located on the southeastern corner of the Delhi Ring Road. It is at the intersection of the Ring Road and Mathura Road from the ITO crossing, the Supreme Court, Pragati Maidan, Purana Quila, Nizamuddin Dargah and the Haryana border at Faridabad.
George Marshall (academic)£George Marshall was Principal of Trevelyan College, University of Durham from 1995 to 1996, having been Acting-Principal from 1993.
IXL (interactive agency)£iXL Enterprises is a failed international interactive agency that lasted from 1996 until 2002. The company was founded by Atlanta entrepreneur Bert Ellis, who also served as the company's chairman and CEO. At the company's height in 1999, which coincided with the height of the dot-com boom, iXL had around 1500 employees, a quarterly revenue of $33 million, and was publicly traded on the Nasdaq exchange, with ticker symbol "IIXL".
Rembrandt Group£The Rembrandt Group is a South African tobacco and industrial conglomerate founded by Afrikaner tycoon Dr Anton Rupert who oversaw its eventual transition to the industrial and luxury branded goods sectors. Rembrandt was split into Remgro (an investment company with financial, mining and industrial interests) and Richemont (a Swiss-based luxury goods group).Dr Rupert originally established the tobacco company "Voorbrand" in the 1940s.
Squire sidecars£Squire (founded 1973 in Bidford-on-Avon) is a British manufacturer of motorcycle sidecars that pioneered the design of the modern motorcycle trailer for being pulled behind a bike in the early 1980s. In 1988 Squire merged with the struggling Watsonian company to form Watsonian-Squire, now the UK's largest sidecar producer.
Staffordshire County Senior League£The Staffordshire County Senior League is a football competition based in Staffordshire, England. It was formed in 2005 as a merger of the Midland League (formerly known as the Staffordshire Senior League) and the Staffordshire County League.The former Midland League clubs formed the new Premier Division, which is a feeder to the North West Counties Football League and sits at step 7 (or level 11) of the National League System.
Surveyor General of India£The Surveyor General of India is the Head of Department of Survey of India, a Department under the Ministry of Science and Technology of Government of India. He also happens to be the senior most member of the Survey of India Service, an organized engineering service under the Union of India.The current Surveyor General is Swarna Subba Rao.
Banjara Needle Crafts£Banjara Needle Crafts are traditional handmade fabrics made by Banjaras in India. They are made in tribals Lambada habitation known as Thanda.
Habugra£Habugra is a term for "King" in Kokborok language of Tripura.There were at least 144 kings that ruled Tripura before merging with the Indian Union on 15 November 1950. The last and most illustrious Habugra of all was Habugra Bir Bikram Manikya Debbarma. The college of Maharaja Bir Bikram College was established in his memory in 1947 in the state capital Agartala.
List of botanical gardens in India£A botanical garden is a place where plants, especially ferns, conifers and flowering plants, are grown and displayed for the purposes of research and education. This distinguishes them from parks and pleasure gardens where plants, usually with beautiful flowers, are grown for public amenity Botanical gardens that specialize in trees are sometimes referred to as arboretums. They are occasionally associated with zoos.
Tharoor£Tharoor is the family name of a prominent Nair Tharavadu of Kerala, India. The name dates to antiquity, and historians record that the kingdom in and around the modern-day district of Palakkad was called Tharoor Swarupam in the 14th and 15th centuries. The family appears to have lost kingly authority thereafter, before the attacks in the area by Tipu Sultan of Mysore, and well before the absorption of the territory by the British into the Madras Presidency in the early 19th century.
2007–08 Paris Saint-Germain F.C. season£The 2007–08 season was French football club Paris Saint-Germain's 35th professional season, their 35th season in Ligue 1 and their 34th consecutive season in French top-flight. PSG was managed by Paul Le Guen - in his first full season since replacing Guy Lacombe. The club was chaired by Alain Cayzac until Simon Tahar took over. Paris Saint-Germain was present in the 2007–08 Ligue 1, the 2007–08 Coupe de France and the 2007–08 Coupe de la Ligue.
2001 Kishtwar massacre£2001 Kishtwar massacre was the killing of 17 Hindu villagers in village Ladder near Kishtwar in Doda District of Jammu and Kashmir by alleged militants of Lashkar-e-Taiba on 3 August 2001 .
1995–96 Southern Football League£The 1995–96 Southern Football League season saw the Max Griggs-funded Rushden & Diamonds win the Premier Division to earn promotion to the Football Conference.
Florida Gators women's volleyball£The Florida Gators women's volleyball team represents the University of Florida in the sport of volleyball. The Gators compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) and the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The Gators play their home matches in the O'Connell Center on the university's Gainesville, Florida campus, and are currently led by head coach Mary Wise.
Marble Palace Zoo£The Marble Palace (Kolkata), located at 46,Muktaram Babu Street, Kolkata 700007, is a palatial mansion located in North Kolkata, India, which was built by Raja Rajendra Mullick in 1835 and contains many beautiful Western sculptures, pieces of Victorian furniture, and paintings by European and Indian artists. Large chandeliers, clocks, and busts of kings and queens decorate the hallways of the palace.
Revenue Village£A Revenue Village is a small administrative region in India, a village with defined borders. One revenue village may contain many hamlets.The Village Administrative Officer (VAO) is the head officer of the Revenue Village
Embassy of India in Moscow£The Embassy of the Republic of India in Moscow is the diplomatic mission of India in the Russian Federation. It is located at 6 Vorontsovo Pole (Russian: Воронцово поле, 6) in the Tagansky District of Moscow.The Embassy of India School Moscow is affiliated with the embassy.
Ford D-series£The Ford D-Series was a range of middle weight trucks introduced by Ford of Britain in 1965. It replaced the Thames Trader and appears to have been envisaged as a more modern competitor to the Bedford TK produced by General Motors' UK truck subsidiary. In 1965 the range covered rigid trucks with gross weights from 5.2 to 12.75 British tons, and tippers from 10.8 to 12.75 tons.
Sayfawa dynasty£Sayfawa dynasty or more properly Sefuwa dynasty is the name of the kings (or mai, as they called themselves) of the Kanem-Bornu Empire, centered first in Kanem in western Chad, and then, after 1380, in Borno (today north-eastern Nigeria).The dynasty was rooted in the Tubu expansion by the Kanembu. The first ten kings present in the list in the Girgam are difficult to date and to identify. The dynasty, one of Africa's longest living, lost the throne in 1846.
Spalirises£Spalirises (50–47 BCE) was an Indo-Scythian "Great king" of the 1st century BCE. He was the brother of Vonones (some of his coins explain he was "Brother of the king"), and probably identical with Spalahores.The territories of Spalarises were apparently absorbed by Azes I, his successor, who appears on the reverse on some of his coins.
Clwyd League£The Clwyd Football League (currently the The Mackenzie Jones Clwyd Football League) is a football league equivalent to the fifth level of the Welsh football league system in North Wales.The league hosts several cup competitions: The President's Cup, The Premier Cup, The Halkyn Cup and the REM Jones Cup. Members compete in the FAW Trophy, Barritt Cup and Welsh Cup competitions as well.
Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino£The Copa do Brasil de Futebol Feminino (English: Brazilian Women's Football Cup) is a Brazilian women's football (soccer) competition organized by the Brazilian Football Confederation with the help of the Brazilian Ministry of Sports. It is designed as an equivalent to the men's Copa do Brasil. The first edition was played in 2007.
Indian Political Department£The Indian Political Department (IPD) originated in a resolution passed on September 13, 1783 by the Board of Directors of the East India Company; this decreedthe creation of a department which could help “relieve the pressure” on the administration of Warren Hastings in conducting its "secret and political business".In 1843, Governor-General Ellenborough reformed the administration,organizing Secretariat of the Government into four departments – Foreign, Home, Finance and Military.
Real Estate Bank India£Real Estate Bank India is India's largest real estate services company. It was founded in 2006 by Lakshmi Narayanan and is headquartered in Bangalore, India. The company plans to invest Rs 250 million next year and expand in India and abroad with presence in countries like Sri Lanka, US, UAE, Singapore, Malaysia and Australia.
Sansanwal£Sansanwal is a gotra of Jats found in Rajasthan and Haryana in India. Template:Sansanwal were first live in bharatpur in rajasthanThe Sansanwal's original name was SinsiniwalJai Singh Sansanwal and Raja Surajmal Sinsiniwal were the main peoples of Sansanwal's caste;;Sansanwal or Sinsinwar are the same and gotra of Jats found in Rajasthan, Delhi, Harayan and Uttar Pradesh in India. Sinsinwars were the rulers of princely state Bharatpur.
Warli painting£Warli painting is a tribal art mostly done by Adivasi from North Sahyadri Range in India (Dahanu, Talasari, Jawhar, Palghar, Mokhada, and Vikramgadh).
YMCA International Camp, Nilshi, India£Website - www.ymcacamplakeside.orgYMCA Camp Lakeside is located at Village Nilshi, in the Western Ghats (mountains) between Mumbai and Pune, India.Camp Lakeside is a 40 acre campsite surrounded by the beautiful Andhra Lake.
1990–91 in English football£The 1990–91 season was the 111th season of competitive football in England.
Dr. Somervell Memorial CSI Medical College£Dr. Somervell Memorial CSI Medical College (SMC, Dr SM CSI MCH, SMCSI) established in 2002, attached to the Dr. Somervell Memorial Mission Hospital is at Karakonam, a village, in the southern border of the Thiruvananthapuram District of the State of Kerala.
2009 in Japanese football£Japanese football in 2009
Ningombam£Ningombam is a surname which is used by a large number of Meitei. It is a clan belonging to the Angom dynasty, one of the seven kingdoms in the present state of Manipur. It is considered to be the oldest clan in Manipur and the kings of Angom had tremendous powers over the other kings in the ancient history of Manipur.
2012–13 Segunda División B£The 2012–13 Segunda División B season was the 36th since its establishment. The first matches of the season were played on 26 August 2012, and the league phase ended on 19 May 2013. The entire season ended on 30 June 2013 with the promotion play-off finals.
Windsor Salt Mine£The Windsor Salt Mine currently operates two locations in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. The first is at 200 Morton Drive in Windsor, established in 1955, and is owned by The Canadian Salt Company, Limited. The facility has 250 employees, earns roughly $75–99 million a year, producing road and mining salt. The second location is the Windsor Facility of the Canadian Salt Company, located at 30 Prospect Ave. in Windsor. This facility employs 110 and estimates their sales at $25–50 million a year.
MTTS£The Mathematics Training and Talent Search Programme or MTTS is a summer training programme in India for mathematics, started at the B.Sc. (undergraduate) level, aimed to expose bright young minds to mathematics and equip them better for Ph.D. studies. It is funded by the National Board for Higher Mathematics, India. The organizer is Professor S. Kumaresan.
Ultra 1£The Ultra 1 is a family of Sun Microsystems workstations based on the 64-bit UltraSPARC microprocessor. It was the first model in the Sun Ultra series of Sun computers, which succeeded the SPARCstation series. It launched in 1995 and shipped with Solaris 2.5. It is capable of running other operating systems such as Linux and BSD.The Ultra 1 was available in a variety of different specifications.
Gaming top£Bambaram (in Karnataka/Tamil)/Lattu لٹو (in Urdu) or spinning tops are used to play games in India and Pakistan. Skill and interest in this game is reducing due to other interests taking priority and also due to unsafe nails along with bullying of younger, smaller, poorer kids. This game is more popular among boys and is coming back with safer components and rules.
Lincolnshire Football League£The Lincolnshire Football League, is a football competition in England that is composed of a single division of 13 clubs. Since season 2007–08 Sills & Betteridge Solicitors have agreed to sponsor the league. Teams stretch across the county from Grimsby to Grantham.The League currently run a Representative side that compete in the FA Inter League Cup. In their first venture into the competition they reached the Quarter Finals where they lost to the Cheshire League.
Maryland Terrapins women's basketball£The University of Maryland women's basketball team is a prominent program in the history of women's basketball. As a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference, the Lady Terrapins are regular season and tournament champions. Since 2002, team has been led by head coach Brenda Frese. In 2006, with only four years under Frese, the Lady Terps won their first NCAA Championship in their fourth trip to the Final Four - their first Final Four appearance since 1989.
Montenegrin Third League£The Third League of Montenegro (Montenegrin: Treća Crnogorska Liga / Трећа црногорска лига) is the third top football league in Montenegro. It is headed by the Football Association of Montenegro. 29 teams participate in this league, divided in three regions. Top team from each region qualifies for the playoff from which top 2 teams qualify for the Second League of Montenegro.
Plus Two£Plus Two refers to the segment of Indian and Nepali school education that is made of standards (grades) 11 and 12, known as higher secondary education. In most states in India, the Plus Two is part of high school; in a few, it is called Junior College and is part of college education. Plus Two education is provided by each state individually and Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).
Dover Patrol£The Dover Patrol was a Royal Navy command of the First World War, notable for its involvement in the Zeebrugge Raid on 22 April 1918. The Dover Patrol formed a discrete unit of the Royal Navy based at Dover and Dunkirk for the duration of the First World War.
Toronto Helios Society£The Toronto Helios Society was a nudist/naturist club located at Sharon, north of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.In 1972 Eric and June Jarvis purchased a 20.25 hectare (50 acres) property. The land consisted of a road to a bridge over the river, and three cleared areas that were covered with ferns and brambles. The first year was spent dredging a lake fed by a creek and natural springs.
Femina Look of the Year£Femina Look of the Year was held for 5 years from 1994 to 1999 by Femina magazine to select an Indian contestant at the Elite Model Look contest. It was discontinued after 1999 for unknown reasons.Winners include Sheetal Mallar and Carol Gracias who are both noted Indian supermodels. The 1994 edition event had Madhu Sapre, 2nd Runner up Miss Universe and Miss India 1992 as contestant but even after her achievements in the earlier contests she didn't win and title was won by Sheetal Mallar.
1980–81 2. Bundesliga£This was the final season of the original two region 2.Bundesliga, as the DFB sought to integrate the North and South divisions into a single division for the next campaign. This meant 22 teams faced the drop to the Oberliga (12 from the North, 10 from the South). There were 3 promotion spots to the Bundesliga on offer, while the remaining teams would enter the new single league 2.Bundesliga in the next season.
India Partners£India Partners is a U.S. non-governmental organization that partners with indegenious managed charities in India on projects to help the poor.
Dominican Republic national basketball team£The Dominican Republic national basketball team is the men's basketball team that represents the Dominican Republic in international competition. In 2011 and 2012, John Calipari, the head coach of the University of Kentucky men's basketball team served as the head coach of the team. The team placed third in the 2011 FIBA Americas Championship and fourth in the 2012 FIBA World Olympic Qualifying Tournament, one position shy of qualifying for the 2012 Olympics.
Punjab accord£Punjab accord, also known as the Rajiv-Longowal Accord, is an accord signed by Rajiv Gandhi and Harcharan Singh Longowal on 24 July 1985. The government accepted the demands of Akali Dal who in turn agreed to withdraw their agitation.The accord attracted opposition from several orthodox Sikh leaders of Punjab as well as from the politicians of Haryana. Some of its promises could not be fulfilled due to the disagreements.
2007–08 Al-Nassr season£In this article, the results of Al-Nassr FC of Saudi Arabia in 2007-2008 season is summarized
Albany Great Danes men's lacrosse£The Albany Great Danes men's lacrosse team represents the University at Albany in NCAA Division I men's college lacrosse. Albany currently competes in the America East Conference and plays its home games on John Fallon Field. The team reached the NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship tournament in 2003–2005 and in 2007. The Great Danes are currently coached by Scott Marr.
ELegalix£eLegalix is Allahabad High Court Judgment Information System developed by Computer Centre, High Court of Judicature at Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India. Judgments and Orders delivered at Allahabad High Court and its Bench at Lucknow can be searched and viewed using this web application.
Loch Fyne Oysters£Loch Fyne Oysters is a company which has expanded from farming and selling oysters to providing a range of seafoods, fish, meat and game. It founded the Loch Fyne restaurant chain which is now owned by Greene King; it still owns the Loch Fyne brand and supplies its products to the restaurant chain. The company continues to run the Loch Fyne Oyster Bar on the banks of the loch near Cairndow
Sachsenliga£The Sachsenliga, formerly referred to as Landesliga Sachsen, is the sixth tier of the German football league system and the highest league in the German state of Saxony, (German:Sachsen). Until the introduction of the 3. Liga in 2008 it was the fifth tier of the league system, until the introduction of the Regionalligas in 1994 the fourth tier.
Zonal Training Centre£Zonal Training Centre, or ZTC as it is commonly known, is the training centre of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for its officers and staff. RBI has four such training centres, the biggest and most prominent of them being at CBD Belapur. The other three are at New Delhi, Kolkata and Chennai. ZTC functions under the overall policy framework and administrative control of the Human Resources Management Department (HRMD) of RBI Central Office at Fort, Mumbai.
Harwell computer£The Harwell computer, later known as the Wolverhampton Instrument for Teaching Computing from Harwell (WITCH), or the Harwell Dekatron Computer, was an early British relay-based computer. From 2009 to 2012, it was restored at the National Museum of Computing, where it is described as "the oldest original functioning electronic stored program computer in the world". The museum hopes to use the computer's visual, dekatron-based memory to teach schoolchildren about computers.
List of Indian state animals£This is a list of the state animals of all the states and union territories of India.The animals in India are endangered and some of them work.
List of Indian state flowers£This is a list of state flowers of the states and union territories of India:
List of Indian state trees£This is a list of Indian state (and union territory) trees:
2010 UAE national football team results£This article details the fixtures and results of the UAE national football team in 2010.
Mumbai Traffic Police£Mumbai traffic police is the organisation entrusted with the task of managing vehicular traffic in Mumbai, India.
Talamana£Talamana (Sanskrit: tāla māna) is a traditional system of Indian iconometry based on the Shilpa Shastras, which uses certain measurements and proportions in creating temple icons and images.
Kailasakona Falls£Kailasakona - water falls - 80 km(Picnic spot.) Kailasakona is a beautiful perennial waterfall, situated in the Nagari valley of Chittoor District. This sacred waterfall is rich in minerals and possesses medicinal powers. A small temple of Shiva and Parvati is seen nearby. The waterfalls can be accessed easily from Tirupati.Photo Linkshttp://www.panoramio.com/photo/6348432
Landesliga Braunschweig£The Landesliga Braunschweig, called the Bezirksoberliga Braunschweig until 2010, is the sixth tier of the German football league system and the second highest league in the German state of Lower Saxony (German:Niedersachsen). It covers the region of the now defunct Regierungsbezirk Braunschweig.
2010 Uzbekistan national football team results£This article details the fixtures and results of the Uzbekistan national football team in 2010.
2010 in American soccer£The 2010 Season was the 98th season of competitive soccer in the United States.
Rulers of Mbundaland£The following is a complete list of rulers of the Mbunda Kingdom, established at the confluence of Kwilu and Kasai rivers in the now Democratic Republic of the Congo in the fifteenth century. In the early 17th century, it was re-established in Mbundaland, a state southeast of the present day Angola covering Moxico and Cuando Cubango Provinces.
Shaniwar Peth£Shaniwar Peth is a general term, in the Marathi language, for a locality in the Indian cities. These include cities like Pune, Solapur, Madhavnagar, Karad, Ahmednagar etc. The term Shaniwar has derived from the day Saturday in Marathi.
Jeroboam II£Jeroboam II (Hebrew: ירבעם השני or יָרָבְעָם‎; Greek: Ιεροβοάμ; Latin: Jeroboam) was the son and successor of Jehoash, (alternatively spelled Joash), and the fourteenth king of the ancient Kingdom of Israel, over which he ruled for forty-one years. His reign was contemporary with those of Amaziah (2 Kings 14:23) and Uzziah (15:1), kings of Judah.
Military of Guatemala£The Military of Guatemala consists of National Army of Guatemala (Ejercito Nacional de Guatemala, ENG), the Guatemalan Navy (Marina de la Defensa Nacional, includes Marines) and the Guatemalan Air Force (Fuerza Aerea Guatemalteca, FAG).
Brethren in Christ Church Society£Brethren in Christ Church Society is a Protestant denomination of India, founded by James Ard. It is focused on Bihar. It is limited to states in the East of India. The church has thousands of members. Several dozens of parishes are within the church. They are part of the Brethren in Christ Church, a Mennonite group.
Tulga£Tulga or Tulca (Gothic: Tulga; living 642) was Visigothic King of Hispania, Septimania and Galicia from 640 to 642, if his father died in December 640, as some sources state. Although some sources have his rule beginning as early as 639 or ending as early as 641. He came after his father Chintila in another vain attempt to establish dynastic kingship. In 642, Chindasuinth, a Gothic warlord, who may have been as old as 79, commenced a rebellion. He had command of the frontier with the Basques.
1991–92 in English football£The 1991–92 season was the 112th season of competitive football in England.
1995–96 in English football£The 1995–96 season was the 116th season of competitive football in England.
1997–98 in English football£The 1997–98 season was the 118th season of competitive football in England.
Jannsari£The Jannsari are a community found in Uttarakhand.
Prathamastami£Prathamastami is a rite is held in Odisha, India, for the life and prosperity of the eldest child who is offered a lighted lamp ovation by the senior female relatives followed by elaborate rituals during which the Mantras are recited.
Swedish Ladies Football Division 1£Division 1 is the third level in the league system of Swedish Ladies football and comprises 2 sections with 12 football teams in each.From 1978 to 1987 when the Damallsvenskan was created in was the highest level of football in Sweden. Up until 2013 when the Elitettan was created it was the second highest level.
2007–08 UE Lleida season£This is a complete list of appearances and goals in all competitions made by members of the professional playing squad of UE Lleida during the 2007-2008 season.
Florida Atlantic Owls baseball£The Florida Atlantic Owls are the college baseball team of Florida Atlantic University which plays its home games at FAU Baseball Stadium.Fielding its first team in 1981, the Florida Atlantic University baseball team has experienced frequent success, shared respect from other baseball teams nation-wide and the building of a mid-major power in NCAA baseball.As of the 2010 season, the Owls have had 12 consecutive winning seasons.
Sainbari incident£The Sainbari incident occurred in 1970 in Sainbari in Bardhaman in West Bengal in India, where several people were hacked to death, allegedly by CPI(M) supporters, their blood smeared on the face of their mother.A newspaper report puts the date of the incident as 17 March 1970. The Sain brothers were members of a well-to-do family with strong allegiance towards the Indian National Congress.
Tulsi chaura£Tulasi chaura (Oriya: ତୁଳସୀ ଚଉରା) is a small podium like stone or cement construction in front of Hindu houses in the Indian state of Orissa containing Tulasi.
2010 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m)£The 10th FINA World Swimming Championships (25m) was held in Dubai, United Arab Emirates from 15–19 December 2010. This swimming-only championships took place in the Dubai Sports Complex; all events were swum in a 25-meter (short-course) pool.FINA announced on April 9, 2006 that Dubai had defeated the only other bidder Istanbul, Turkey, 11 votes to 10, after a meeting of the FINA Bureau in Shanghai, China.The USA topped the medal standings with a total of 25 medals.
Bhagalia£The Bhagalia are a clan of the Bhil ethnic community and are found in the state of Rajasthan, India.
Rangfrah£Rangfarah is the name chosen for a revivalist movement of Tangsa traditional spirituality. The intention is "to give an alternative form of religious belief to those who were neither following the Christian beliefs nor were following the traditional ways".
Tokyo Conference£The Tokyo Conference was a conference held between March 28 and 30, 1942 at Tokyo by South-East Asian Indian Nationalist groups including the Indian Independence League, the Indian National Council, and smaller local Indian associations and clubs. This conference led to the decision to establish an all-unifying Indian Independence League.